docs: update description for onReady hooks (#3136)
fastify/fastify: docs/Hooks.md

- [onRegister](#onregister)

### onReady

> Triggered before the server starts listening for requests and calling `.ready()`. It cannot change the routes or add new hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggered before the server starts listening for requests and when `.ready()` is invoked. It cannot change the routes or add new hooks.
```
